Repair of fetch-incidents command (#19759)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-SQS/ReleaseNotes/1_2_10.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS - SQS

> - Fixed an issue where no incidents were created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **fetch-incidents** fetched incidents less than the configured *max_fetch*.
```
